<<Senior Business Analyst>> 
List of tasks to be performed:

Project Management and project oversight.
Develop Software Requirements and specifications (SRS) documents to supportfunctional requirements affecting the technical file specifications (Mail.dat and Mail.XML).
Manage, update and maintain all currently supported technical specifications and guidesand develop new ones as necessary in support of new or revised functionality across systems.
Customer Acceptance Testing (CAT) to provide support to review Tecnical Requirement Document (TRD), develop and updatetest scripts, perform customeracceptance testing, performance production validation throughsmoke testing and functional documentation and requirement traceability matrix (RTM).
provide expert personal to meet with and participate in mail industry meetings, forums, and Mailer Technical Advisory Committee (MTAC) workgroups, task groups and user groups.
Automated test script development.
Develop training materials, Standard operating procedures (SOP) and grades as it relates to impacted CPPP applications
Other related duties as assigned.

Required Certifications, if any:
PMP or Scrum Master

Required Experience Level:
minimum of 5-7 years experience in technology or software development prefered.
Mail.Dat and Mail.XML are fundamental to the electronic data exchange of mailing information.Experience with Mail.DAT and Mail.XML specification is highly encouraged and preferred.
Experience as a business analyst. Certified Business Analyst Professional (CBAP) prefered.
Experience with requirement management tools(examples include Application Lifecycle Management (ALM), VersionOne, JIRA, Confluence).
Expereince with Software Testing Tools (Example includes Unified Functional Testing (UFT), Selenium)
Expereince with database tools and developing analytics solutions using tools like MicroStrategy,Oracle SQL, Teradata)
Experience using O-365 suite (Word, excel, PowerPoint, Project, Access, Visio, Teams, Workflow, Power BI)
Expereince with USOS Technical Solution Lifecycle (TSLC) or other industry SDLC
Expereince managing or leading IT projects using Waterfall and Agile Methodologies.
